EPMRPP-89644 || Implement attachments support (#14)
AmsterGet/agent-js-vitest: README.md

console's `log`, `info`,`dubug` reports as info log.

console's `error`, `warn` reports as error log if message contains _error_ mention, otherwise as warn log.

### Reporting API

This reporter provides Reporting API to use it directly in tests to send some additional data to the report.

To start using the `ReportingApi` in tests, just import it from `'@reportportal/agent-js-vitest'`:
```javascript
import { ReportingApi } from '@reportportal/agent-js-vitest';
```

#### Reporting API methods

The API provide methods for attaching data.<br/>

##### attachment

> Send file to report portal for the current test. Should be called inside of corresponding test.<br/>

Reviewer: We prefer using the same product naming across all its component, so let's change `report portal` to `ReportPortal` to be consistent.
```suggestion
Send file to ReportPortal for the current test. Should be called inside of corresponding test.<br/>
```

`ReportingApi.attachment(task: vitest.Task, data: Attachment, description?: string);`<br/>

> **required**: `task`, `data`<br/>

Reviewer: Let's describe here what the `Attachment` type is.

### Reporting API

This reporter provides Reporting API to use it directly in tests to send some additional data to the report.

To start using the `ReportingApi` in tests, just import it from `'@reportportal/agent-js-vitest'`:
```javascript
import { ReportingApi } from '@reportportal/agent-js-vitest';
```

#### Reporting API methods

The API provide methods for attaching data.<br/>

##### attachment
Send file to ReportPortal for the current test. Should be called inside of corresponding test.<br/>
`ReportingApi.attachment(task: vitest.Task, data: Attachment, description?: string);`<br/>
**required**: `task`, `data`<br/>
**optional**: `description`<br/>
where `Attachment` type is `{name: string; type: string; content: string | Buffer;}`<br/>
Example:
```javascript
test('should contain logs with attachments',({ task }) => {
  const fileName = 'test.jpg';
  const fileContent = fs.readFileSync(path.resolve(__dirname, './attachments', fileName));

  ReportingApi.attachment(task, {
    name: fileName,
    type: 'image/png',
    content: fileContent.toString('base64'),
  }, 'Description');

  expect(true).toBe(true);
});

> ```

Reviewer: Please also describe how to use `setup` file and how the `ReportingApi` usage will be changed with that.
